= Real Life Design dotfiles for bash, ubuntu with drupal/drush helper aliases

These are config files to set up a linux user (and root) accounts (tested on Ubuntu 14.04).

This repo was forked from https://github.com/damiankloip/dotfiles which was in turn forked from others.

Thanks go to all the contributors before me- all who can be seen in the contributors tab.

This was forked for Drupal development and hosting at Real Life Design.

== Installation (with prompts for gitconfig)

  git clone git://github.com/reallifedesign/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
  cd ~/.dotfiles
  rake install

== Installation (without prompts gitconfig)

This will derive your user and email for gitconfig as WHOAMI@HOSTNAME
Therefore this is more suited to automated installations

  git clone git://github.com/reallifedesign/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
  cd ~/.dotfiles
  rake -f Rakefile.auto install

== Environment

I am running on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS but it will likely work on other Linux distros and OSX (as originally intended) with
minor fiddling. I primarily use bash although the original authors used zsh.

If you would like to switch to zsh, you can do so with the following command.

  chsh -s /bin/zsh


== Rails Features (by original authors- not maintained here)

I normally place all of my coding projects in ~/code, so this directory 
can easily be accessed (and tab completed) with the "c" command.

  c railsca<tab>

There is also an "h" command which behaves similar, but acts on the 
home path.

  h doc<tab>

Tab completion is also added to rake and cap commands:

  rake db:mi<tab>
  cap de<tab>

To speed things up, the results are cached in local .rake_tasks~ and 
.cap_tasks~. It is smart enough to expire the cache automatically in 
most cases, but you can simply remove the files to flush the cache.

There are a few key bindings set. Many of these require option to be
set as the meta key. Option-left/right arrow will move cursor by word, 
and control-left/right will move to beginning and end of line. 
Control-option-N will open a new tab with the current directory under
Mac OS X Terminal.

If you're using git, you'll notice the current branch name shows up in
the prompt while in a git repository.

If you're using Rails, you'll find some handy aliases (below). You can 
also use show_log and hide_log in script/console to show the log inline.
  
  ss       # script/server
  sc       # script/console
  sg       # script/generate
  a        # autotest
  tlog     # tail -f log/development.log
  rst      # touch tmp/restart.txt
  migrate  # rake db:migrate db:test:clone
  scaffold # script/generate nifty_scaffold

See the other aliases in ~/.zsh/aliases

If there are some shell configuration settings which you want secure or 
specific to one system, place it into a ~/.localrc file. This will be 
loaded automatically if it exists.

There are several features enabled in Ruby's irb including history and 
completion. Many convenience methods are added as well such as "ri"
which can be used to get inline documentation in IRB. See irbrc and
railsrc files for details.
